README.md, before:

# Where Does Our Money Go?

A comprehensive educational website that explores how taxation is spent across different countries. This interactive platform helps users understand government spending, tax rates, and how public money is allocated.

## 🌍 Features

- **Country Comparison**: Compare tax rates and government spending between countries
- **Historical Data**: Track how taxation and spending have changed over time
- **Interactive Visualizations**: Charts and graphs to make data easy to understand
- **Educational Tooltips**: Hover over categories to learn what different terms mean
- **Mobile Friendly**: Works perfectly on desktop and mobile devices
- **School-Friendly**: Designed to be accessible for students and educators

## 📊 Data Sources

This website uses accurate, up-to-date data from:
- OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development)
- World Bank
- IMF (International Monetary Fund)
- National statistical offices

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/where-does-our-money-go.git
cd where-does-our-money-go
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000`

## 🛠️ Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run test` - Run tests
- `npm run lint` - Run linting
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build

### Project Structure

```
where-does-our-money-go/
├── src/
│   ├── components/     # React components
│   ├── data/          # Data files and API calls
│   ├── hooks/         # Custom React hooks
│   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   ├── styles/        # CSS and styling
│   └── utils/         # Utility functions
├── public/            # Static assets
├── tests/             # Test files
└── docs/              # Documentation
```

## 🧪 Testing

The project includes comprehensive testing:
- Unit tests for components and utilities
- Integration tests for data flows
- Visual regression tests for UI consistency

Run tests with:
```bash
npm run test
```

## 📦 Deployment

This project is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages when tests pass. The deployment process:

1. Runs all tests
2. Builds the production version
3. Deploys to GitHub Pages if all tests pass

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Data provided by OECD, World Bank, and IMF
- Built with React, TypeScript, and modern web technologies
- Icons from [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)
- Charts powered by [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/)

## 📞 Support

If you have questions or need help, please open an issue on GitHub or contact us at [your-email@example.com].

Commit message:

feat: Update to Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 license
- Replace MIT license with CC BY-SA 4.0 for educational content
- Keep MIT license for software components
- Add license badges to README
- Update contributing guidelines
- Update repository context with licensing information
- Support educational use and commercial adaptation with attribution

README.md, after:

# Where Does Our Money Go?

[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A comprehensive educational website that explores how taxation is spent across different countries. This interactive platform helps users understand government spending, tax rates, and how public money is allocated.

## 🌍 Features

- **Country Comparison**: Compare tax rates and government spending between countries
- **Historical Data**: Track how taxation and spending have changed over time
- **Interactive Visualizations**: Charts and graphs to make data easy to understand
- **Educational Tooltips**: Hover over categories to learn what different terms mean
- **Mobile Friendly**: Works perfectly on desktop and mobile devices
- **School-Friendly**: Designed to be accessible for students and educators

## 📊 Data Sources

This website uses accurate, up-to-date data from:
- OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development)
- World Bank
- IMF (International Monetary Fund)
- National statistical offices

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/where-does-our-money-go.git
cd where-does-our-money-go
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000`

## 🛠️ Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run test` - Run tests
- `npm run lint` - Run linting
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build

### Project Structure

```
where-does-our-money-go/
├── src/
│   ├── components/     # React components
│   ├── data/          # Data files and API calls
│   ├── hooks/         # Custom React hooks
│   ├── pages/         # Page components
│   ├── styles/        # CSS and styling
│   └── utils/         # Utility functions
├── public/            # Static assets
├── tests/             # Test files
└── docs/              # Documentation
```

## 🧪 Testing

The project includes comprehensive testing:
- Unit tests for components and utilities
- Integration tests for data flows
- Visual regression tests for UI consistency

Run tests with:
```bash
npm run test
```

## 📦 Deployment

This project is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages when tests pass. The deployment process:

1. Runs all tests
2. Builds the production version
3. Deploys to GitHub Pages if all tests pass

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License** for educational content and the **MIT License** for software components.

- **Educational Content**: CC BY-SA 4.0 - Allows sharing and adaptation with attribution
- **Software Code**: MIT License - Allows commercial use and modification

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Data provided by OECD, World Bank, and IMF
- Built with React, TypeScript, and modern web technologies
- Icons from [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)
- Charts powered by [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/)

## 📞 Support

If you have questions or need help, please open an issue on GitHub or contact us at [your-email@example.com].
